# pyexamples
Some use-case examples to serve as a documentation. 

## Index
1. **RestAPI**: This example illustrate how one can build a simple REST interface to exachnge data. A full documentation can be found [here](https://ikespand.github.io/posts/RestAPI_with_Python/ "RestAPI") about this example.
2. **NavigationApp_Rasta_Flask**: A custom navigation app in REST API fashion. It usage OpenTripPlanner's API to fetch the data with the help of rasta. You can also use map view. 
3. **kivy-cv2**: [Kivy](https://kivy.org/ "Kivy") is a great framework to build cross-platform GUI (including android, iOS, Windows). To be able to run ML model, we often use open-cv in python, therefore, this example shows how one can use cv2 library inside kivy and convert the image into kivy's original texture. It has a minimal working example with one main (where user need to write "yes" and click on submit to see camera) and one camera screen. Additionally, it has a button which a user can click to capture image from camera. This is not very clean but shows the usage :)
4. **valhalla-python**: Valhalla is a great opensource & multimodal routing engine. It offers several API ranging from navigation to map-matching. One can find about it from its [documentation](https://valhalla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ "documentation").
	a. **map_matching_meli_valhalla.ipynb** is a notebook to shows the map matching. Map matching is a process by which we match raw GPS points to actual map. One of the library in Valhalla, called Meili does this part. To use this notebook, one needs to have running server for Valhalla. A complete documentation about setting up Valhalla and Meili can be found [on my blog page](map_matching_meli_valhalla.ipynb "here").
	b. Make a request, if a user, you need something.
5. **data-science**: This example is for a sample data analytics cum machine learning task for a time-series data related to bike rental.
6. **youtube**: Using YouTube API to scrap some analytics and thumbnails. Not the best implementation as not directly using YouTube's official client.
7. **firebase-python**: Trials with the firebase's Realtime database where I add local system info to the database with `pyrebase` module. More information is documented [here](https://ikespand.github.io/posts/firebase/).
8. **ds-stockmarket**: Contain examples for stock market analysis with python.
    a. `esn_lstm_multivariate.ipynb`: A notebook where we predict the opening price of a stock using its past values. Here, LSTM and ESN are compared. This correspond to [this blog](https://ikespand.github.io/posts/ml-for-stock-market-1/)
	b. `1_esn_le2e.ipynb`: Here, we build entire model with ESN so that we can save all outputs for future use as pickle files. Script `utils.py` have a class by which model can be used for prediction elsewhere.
	c. `2_backtesting_py_exp.ipynb`: Shows the usage of `backtesting.py` library to evalute any strategy where we can also embed an ML model. Here, we also test ESN model's performance for **MSFT**. File `bt_optimize.py` shows the example usage of optimization (as optimization cannot be easily run in interactive mode such as in Jupyter/Spyder). Script `3_real_time_local_paper_trading.py` shows example deployment in realtime with paper trading (in an offline csv file so no actual trading APIs.)
9. **passport-ocr**: A full application to find out the machine readable zone from passport and similar document. It then can also decode the necessary information. It usage existing opensource libraries, therefore, it has scope of fine-tuning. FastAPI based REST API service is also available to serve apps or UIs.
10. **oktoberfest_findATable**: Example code to find some attributes from an HTML and notify on WhatsApp if some conditions are met. Here an example of finding an empty table at Oktoberfest (2024 format).
11. **a2d2**: Exploration notebook for A2D2 data for autonomous driving use-case (limited to images and gps).